well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so there's a storm coming
and uh since i've been through a few
storms i'm gonna give some tips for
those people who
don't really uh they're not looking to
help during the storm they just want to
make it through the storm
and even if laura isn't going to impact
you
um there may be other storms on the
horizon so everybody should listen to
this
you know something else may come up that
does impact you
occur near you and again this is for
people who are just wanting to make it
through the storm
not wanting to get involved in in any
reconstruction or relief efforts not
looking to help out
during the storm hopefully
if you've watched these videos long
enough you've made some forms of
preparation
you know who your network is your circle
your little group of friends
if not you'll figure it out along the
way everybody knows what to do
instinctively tearing that first wave of
energy
from a storm doesn't matter what kind of
storm it is they all
start that way any big impact
starts off with a massive wave of energy
and eventually it gets expended and
that's
that's really the most dangerous time
but it's not the longest lasting time
that can be over pretty quickly
it's that time afterward once the
infrastructure is
damaged that uh
that can really just drag on and for
those people who are
just looking to make it through the
storm
that becomes the more dangerous time
during that initial wave of energy you
hunker down
you wait you just ride it out
once the dust settles mobility is life
you need to be able to move at all times
at all times
you basically stay packed because even
though the storm is over
something could happen you know there
could be a a levee that breaks
something happens that creates a
situation where you have to leave where
you're at
so that circle that you have
decided on those people you truly care
about
hopefully it's small because you have to
supply all these people
you move and during that time when
you're
riding out the storm you're thinking of
the locations you can go to
that you can go and secure probably
other people's residences
you know in the movies people go to like
abandoned warehouses and everything and
that looks cool but that's not the best
thing to do
people's residences are normally best
especially
rural ones because they typically have
the tools necessary on hand
to survive you know once infrastructure
goes down
so once you're moving a couple of things
first everybody moves together unless
you really know what you're doing
don't split up
unless you really know what you're doing
try to look
unimportant don't suit up don't look
like a cop or a soldier
because there may be people trying to
take advantage of the situation
that that kind of makes you a target
aside from that there may be people who
need help
and if you're just looking to make it
through the storm you only care about
your circle
you don't want to get involved in
somebody else's issues
if you look like you know what you're
doing they might ask for help
and you might feel obligated to give it
but that's not your goal at the outset
right
so try to look unimportant
um there is no safe zone
after a big storm because once that
initial wave of energy is expended
infrastructure is down which means
emergency services the things that you
tend to count on they're gone they're
either overworked or they're just not
responding it's just you and your circle
so if you meet some group of people
who's trying to take advantage of the
situation
people who are uh actually looking
forward to that storm
if you're meeting them and you run into
that kind of opposition
understand you engage them only on your
terms it's not a movie
you can run away that's okay there's
nothing wrong with that and it may take
sacrificing something something
a vehicle or something like that leaving
it behind because maybe that's what they
want
um anything that doesn't breathe
can be replaced if you're just looking
to ride out the storm
keep that in mind nothing else matters
comfort items toilet paper
soap shampoo razors stuff like that
worth their weight in gold because
nobody's really sure how long
it's going to take for the
infrastructure to come back for order to
be restored
so when you are gathering your supplies
make sure you get it all
when you move to that other location
make sure you have everything
because you don't know how long it's
going to last either
so with the likelihood of more storms
coming
and the possibility of even wilder
storms coming
this is just something to keep in mind
and it's not something to become
paranoid about it's not something to
overthink
but just get a good idea
of who your circle is who your network
is going to be
and where you're going to go if you are
not looking to help during that storm
if you're just wanting to get through it
because laura is probably going to be
pretty bad it looks like it's going to
be about as bad as michael
but there are other ones that can happen
so even if this one doesn't directly
impact you
kind of come up with a plan for this
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day